Bangalore officially known as Bengaluru, is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Karnataka. It has a population of more than 
8 million and a metropolitan population of around 11 million, making it the third most populous city and fifth most populous urban agglomeration in India.
Located in southern India on the Deccan Plateau, at a height of over 900 m (3,000 ft) above sea level, Bangalore is known for its pleasant climate throughout the year. 
Its elevation is the highest among the major cities of India.[14]

The city's history dates back to around 890 CE, in a stone inscription found at the Nageshwara Temple in Begur, Bangalore. The Begur inscription is written in Halegannada 
(ancient Kannada), mentions 'Bengaluru Kalaga' . It was a significant turning point in the history of Bangalore as it bears the earliest 
reference to the name 'Bengaluru'. In 1537 CE, Kempé Gowdā – a feudal ruler under the Vijayanagara Empire – established a mud fort considered to be the foundation of 
modern Bangalore and its oldest areas, or petes, which exist to the present day. After the fall of Vijayanagar empire in 16th century, the Mughals sold Bangalore to 
Chikkadevaraja Wodeyar (1673–1704), the then ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore for three lakh rupees.[16] When Haider Ali seized control of the Kingdom of Mysore, 
the administration of Bangalore passed into his hands. It was captured by the British East India Company after victory in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War (1799), who returned 
administrative control of the city to the Maharaja of Mysore. The old city developed in the dominions of the Maharaja of Mysore and was made capital of the Princely 
State of Mysore, which existed as a nominally sovereign entity of the British Raj. In 1809, the British shifted their cantonment to Bangalore, outside the old city, 
and a town grew up around it, which was governed as part of British India. Following India's independence in 1947, Bangalore became the capital of Mysore State, and 
remained capital when the new Indian state of Karnataka was formed in 1956. The two urban settlements of Bangalore – city and cantonment – which had developed as independent 
entities merged into a single urban centre in 1949. The existing Kannada name, Bengalūru, was declared the official name of the city in 2006.


Questions that can be asked using the above mentioned datasets
What is best location in Banglore City for Continental Cuisine ?
Which areas have large number of Continental Resturant Market ?
Which all areas have less number of resturant ?
Which is the best place to stay if I prefer Continental Cuisine ?
What places are have best restaurant in Banglore?
